All my todo files are scrapbook style.

If someone wants to help, or maintain this plugin please mail the
libvisual mailing list regarding it. I enjoy working on plugins,
looking through the code of others and learn from it. But at the moment
I rather put time into making libvisual rock.

The G-Force plugin is kinda a huge codebase, but I personally think
it's a very nice code base to work with. The original G-Force author
has done a great job without doubt.


------------------------
Cleanup all the headers, to avoid warnings.
Use libvisual it's random context system.
Fix font drawing (actually it's right but we can't overlay because we try to get rid of the double 8 bit copy...
Remove font system in favor for the libvisual font system when it's done.
Fix reentrancy (mostly done) (Make EgOSUtils reentrant, private in GF)
Get rid of needless copies in 8bpp.
Remove other cruft
Cleanup source tree majorly so it's release ready!
Resize in a libvisual plug -> plug morph causes a crash. (infinite -> G-Force only, the current bin so sucks :(( )
Set mouse pointer x,y and do other mouse events for G-Force VM access.

Check if there are dict entries in the scripts that are not in the engine (like the fft problem):
	other vars that need implementation:
	BASS

Change the prefs backend so it will use the libvisual setting system (when it's done).

Use the libvisual param interface for the gforce params.


Long term, and help needed with this:
	Determine the differences between this version and 2.0 versions of G-Force.
	Try to support features of newer versions of G-Force.

	Extra (togglable through params ofcourse):
	Palette brightning like goom on certain moments.
	See if it's possible to interpolate between deltafield modes. (like goom...)
	Have a special mode to disable the delta field so the waveshape, particles
		can be used within other plugins.
	
	Maybe, someday, see if it's actually possible to support whitecap
		wireframe presets.

	Look if the deltafield execution can be mmx, ssenized.

	Add 4d functions ala: http://www.geocities.com/projectgreenshift/4dgraphs.html. support
		(greenswitch has this as well).

	Add support for combining two deltafields into one, (like GForce GOLD)

	Look into adding native 32 bits support in G-Force, this could be especially nice
		with deltafield disabled and then drawing into goom using the libvisual
		goom visualFX (to be made).


Presets:
	We'd love a whole bunch of extra presets!!!


BUGS:
	Sometimes stepping in presets gets screwed up and it will look unsmooth.

	Arena and a new hope preset hangs, especially when the plugin has been outputting
		frames slowly, due to waits in apps. Might also relate to the bug above
