-- What is libvisual BMP --
Libvisual is an BMP plugin for the libvisual audio visualisation
framework.

You can use the following keys in the BMP plugin:
z: previous song
x: play
c: pauze
v: stop
b: next song

a: previous libvisual plugin
s: next libvisual plugin


-- What is libvisual --
Libvisual is a library that acts as a middle layer between
applications that want audio visualisation and audio visualisation
plugins.

Libvisual is aimed at developers who, have a need for audio
visualisation and those who actually write the visualisation
plugins.

By writing an audio visualisation plugin for libvisual
every application that uses libvisual is capable of using
this plugin. The application handles the end drawing of
the graphics and thus rendering done by plugins using
libvisual can be drawn everywhere. That is but not limited
to: ascii art, sdl, on gl object as a surface , alpha blended
or just, anywhere.

Libvisual also provides complete easy to use transparent
depth transformation, so that even when the display
isn't supported by the plugin, libvisual will make
it suite. Besides using libvisual for rendering your
2d buffers, you can also render openGL when an openGL
context is open. Besides you don't have to render
to a buffer. You can also make hardware hacks
that do visualisation using libvisual. There are simply no borders


-- Why should you use libvisual --
As an application writer, using libvisual provides you an easy
way to do audio visualisation. Also when using libvisual you'll
have easy access to all the plugins that are written for libvisual.

As an plugin writer, libvisual provides a nice host for your plugin.
It runs analyzes over the audio input for easy usage and it handles
all the displaying stuff through the library and application. And
mainly your plugin will be accessible to all the applications.


-- License --
The libvisual BMP plugin is released under the GPL,
more information about this license can be found in
the COPYING file.


-- Development --
If you want to hack on this plugin or you'd like to use 
libvisual for your applications, write plugins
or hack on the core. Please read HACKING. It contains some very
useful information regarding to policies and such.


-- Requirement --
The BMP libvisual plugin needs:
* BMP 0.9.7
* libSDL 1.2.5 or higher
* libvisual 0.1.7


-- Compiling and installing --
Configuration:
	./configure

Building:
	make
		Will compile the BMP plugin
		
Installing:
	make install
		Installs the BMP plugin

